livestreaming
yes okay all right we're good to go and
all right okay
I posted the crypto pad in the chat was
there you guys add your name to the
attendees list that would be much
appreciated and all of your notes looks
a bit empty at the moment I'll go ahead
and get things started last week I
finished the functional Lib PDP switch
state machine implementation with dial
and incoming connections that's been
that PR has been open for feedback so
I'll be working on that this week
delegated routing is done it's just
waiting for the Lib P to be O 24 release
which I will I'm hoping to test and prep
later this week hopefully we can get it
out if we get everything ready
last week finalized ok ours for q4 so
almost are any last-minute feedback they
shouldn't change and that's going we're
solidifying on those on Thursday I also
added some lippy to be testability
improvements and then submitted a fixed
today for a Lib DBM Plex like um issue
where send was getting multiple pushes
happening to it and it would get into a
bad state in certain scenarios though
that should be fixed and and yeah this
week just working on the state machine
updates and open up prep for Lapita po2
for later this week and then I think I
prepping as well for some dev week stuff
next week and any questions for me
No all right Vasko
you
hello sorry my microphone was so last
week I finish the key for care planning
sessions then I mostly worked all the
time for the DHD also in their words
I made the several PRS I continued also
testing it with interrupt tests as I was
going to iterate also in the DHT just
party aside then I refused delegated
GERD control they are from Jacob and the
remaining time was mostly in maintenance
work for the seborrhea codes like the IP
petty response where Lydell created a PR
for adding support for CID when invited
to - and then also John's PR for Scottie
HD with parallel lookups on DD gensets
it's the initial implementation then in
the blocked sites Alan will manage to
refute a PR that was blocking again is
interrupt now it should be fine I agree
with the wastes released I updated it
today but there are some tests failing
with files I don't know if anyone knows
which which can be the problem if not I
will probably look at them tomorrow with
more focus then they fight I can s over
WebSockets watch it and another PR
derived for the DHT so far this week I
want to finish the liquors bear record
being interrupts I started looking at it
- last Friday and I was trying to have a
PR for that tomorrow and I think it will
be the biggest remaining block for the
DHT to be interrupts I hope that I need
to test after I think is correct then I
will continue the DHT awesome endeavor
was a chanterelle and create the PR for
observe interrupt test and I think it
will be more or less that for me any
questions
[Music]
can you hear me when I tweak John's work
sweet okay I was trying to figure out a
way to get the audio by there again cool
too great a place very close like HP was
almost like then we're back we see a lot
of white handle it wanted oh yeah do you
teach you guys to revise the whole
Japanese SPR on the Chi and I get that
linked to being dropped there and did
you do any other Destin the ones that
order or yes I created the other types
of different tests because the tests
that were there previously
they basically connected imagine a puree
with their behavior very dishy
and so unlike in a circle and I'm doing
tests using the random walk as well in
the link appear yeah okay yeah it might
be better once we write more tests
before declaring the rocket boy works
because the tests that were there were
really very really simple we should test
like we couple other nodes if we can use
the IPTV work and Travis has been
pushing that will be amazing and I'll
still like stress testing just like on
the PR for DT on JP Festo not even
interrupt make sure to like to do
something like really did like this
pizza load up with each other to make
sure that it always works well on yes
well first and then Interop we go so
that we don't have like any weird
surprises or funny memory leaks that
destroy the experience of the users even
that they will connect to be much more
users too much OneNote okay I will work
on this thank you
any
questions for Rosco alright next up who
go
it's on now can you hear me I guess
something is missing on Zune no okay so
I was kind of sick being of the week so
I do as much as I would like
neither all requests on the stream HTTP
just to fix some old stuff or remove
some polyfills for all browsers and
stuff like that also finish the oakley
are planning helped out with the
examples to embed on the JSI p FS r io
which are still really hard to do
because of all the web park bundling and
parcel bundling stuff at that but we
have a alternate way to do it so for now
it's gonna be like that till we can make
things better I also did couple of
things on Asia related to documentation
and yes on CTL also in finally found why
the documentation areas wasn't finding
some of the files and did a fix on
actually a fork of the cool tissue they
have to fix that stuff Oh play will get
that upstream and everything will get
smoker I'm still blocked on the shank
ads of requests already did some reviews
I need to work on it this week and also
try to fix the present here ladies and
relates the CTO and that will well
that's it I can show you if we have time
to our documentation Oaks nah but I
guess well do it's the
again we have time so it's it's not you
have any questions thank you go
machi do you have anything looks like
yourself blinker so I don't have
anything done this week I will likely
work on a gr bundling and the few hours
that now got comments finally after half
a year and yeah
not much else that I did in last week's
very cool legs I saw that Victor pinged
a JavaScript here so hopefully get more
feedback and can help get those finished
up Alex hi so this week I rewrote the MF
s right command
so the works a bit better under load
because I found that I was creating a
whole bunch of really large documents
and trying to modify them all at the
same time and some of the doctors
getting corrupted so that's been fixed
and has been released
I fixed bug where diagnose weren't
reporting the correct size when they
were raw notes that's merged and
released and I've been working on the
refractory of NPM on ipfs to fetch
content via C IEDs rather than just an
FS paths so that we can actually you
know use ipfs for NPM on my PFS
so that's almost done I've just got the
last few failing tests to fix up for
that which I have to deploy which is
cool and also the so the s3 bucket has
been created for NPR GFS so as soon as
that's deployed I'm going to do the and
s3 datastore work and then I can finally
say oh use it it's not level over which
would be
perfectly good I found a interesting bug
in IPL d today whereis if you put a node
with a visa of e1 cid and then ask for
it back you get it back with a V 0 CID
which is interesting and is causing some
problems with reading reading data out
of a firstly you've stored with v1 see
IDs so if anyone has some time to look
at I'll be cool otherwise I'll get it
after I've done three datastore stuff
that's gonna be me I can't wait to see
you in blows game any questions we do
you bring fresh clone of NPM for as the
venture here
I'll see what I can do
I'll print it out bring the whole trees
with this boy some paper no print I'll
bring a saw did directory because I'm
I'm sleep set on something reasonable
yeah like you should be able to like the
whole NPM there people to get that NPM
like that I get a triple moves between
two machines he physically because like
we need bit wobbly a pastor we need
grasping we know all the things so now
it's pretty small that needs to move
fast drive events so things can actually
make it a goal for next week and can you
actually like but start a process of
micro molding entire NPM put in you know
an IV belt and bring in there as an a
hard drive like package
pitching yeah
I can do 10 they don't say we had some
guys who some hardware boys from China
and Berlin who had producing like
appliances that run ipfs nodes but did
anything happen with those guys because
that would be an easy off the shelf
thing to do well just like a Raspberry
Pi and a bunch of our drone which is it
which is cool well I think like we will
be really happy to actually just IP test
results you can run your violy on your
machine so I guess there's IP fence repo
we're gonna external drive and then like
either going to test email for well then
like okay and it fast transfer like
across the machines and people can like
replicate the repo manually like normal
I pass copy and then we can like see
okay like actually use at the offensive
heard that that offense across the
machines better think about this or any
other question alright coming or the s3
data store now that we got to custom
repo stuff done I need to push a release
for that but that should be good to go
I'll do that today
that isn't walking you right and Volker
we missed you at the top
yeah so I did it's always a bit of work
on grousing and then yes um I could be
in maintenance work I wanted to do
seeing up things and and then so next
week I get crafting obviously and then
finally recording my foot spa detox so I
finally received the new microphone on
the weekend one of those Falls and and
then I will do recording and then of
course also they're catching up what
what's going on I fell didn't because
like and Michael is putting so much
effort in it so I need to yeah
spend some time kicking up
yeah that's all
and I probably look into the the bag
that Lex found with the be one with a
v-0 thing yeah all right any questions
for Fokker awesome and that is it for
who we have listed and see some other
people on here
Jim Pedro or Michael order do you have
anything um I just come to listen yeah
just looking I'm just looking - yeah I'm
mostly just lurking although I actually
did do some stuff that I should probably
talk about so um yeah like full course
I'd diving into the IP LD stuff so
there's a bunch of new messaging and
scoping that I got one and Steven to
agree to so and there's there's
basically a pull request that changes
the entire specs repo to remove all the
old specs that are all out of date and
try to to bring things in line with this
new kind of scoping and messaging so
that's all coming through and then also
index Ybor we just landed a breaking
change so we can stop using that objects
with the flash form for the C IDs and
just pass the ID instances but also the
decoder actually gives you CID instances
back now so in order to take the this
next version into ipfs there may be some
code working to do
awesome all right notes for next week we
won't be having a meeting because most
of us will be in Glasgow and then Roscoe
has some out time as listed in the sheet
as anybody have any other questions or
comments
Goodin all right I think we are done
thanks everybody
see you next week okay okay everyone
good week